1. POI (S&D,OB,BASE...) Along With Market Structure Concepts Like CHOCH,BOS,... And Detecting Valid Structures And Swing Points
2. Using Multi Timeframe Analysis To Observe Structures In Different Scales And Refining Orderblocks
3. Using Fib Levels To Find Optimal Trade Entry
4. Using Candlestick Patterns And Momentum Candlesticks Along With Market Structure Shifts For Entry Confirmation 



High Probability CHOCH
1. CHOCH created in LTF structure near HTF POI indicates potential trend reversal
2. CHOCH created after liquidity grab,order block,fvg with strong momentum and sequence of rejection candles with proper bodies indicates high probability of trend reversal and real CHOCH




HTF POI
1. we can use previous trend flip zone as HTF POI
2. HTF is one timeframe higher than entry timeframe
	example: using 15min timeframe for finding POI then using 1min timeframe to analyze the structure for potential shifts
	using 4hr with 15min,1hr with 5min,15min with 1min
	we use HTF POI to find potential trend reversal level and using LTF to observe market structure in case of any shifts for entering into new trade
	
	
	
Factors For Reliable & High Probability POI
1. There is Imbalance/fvg created by the POI
2. There is liquidity created before/after your POI (TLL, EQH, EQL)
3. The POI is in premium or discount zone
4. POI shouldn't be mitigated in the past even with simple pullback
5. Extreme POI is more reliable than optional POI's because they are usually unmitigated and caused imbalances and liquidity so market can mitigate it and rebalance imbalances and grabbing their liquidity while doing same things on optional POI's in its way to extreme POI 
6. in general, POI's which leads to successful and strong BOS or CHOCH have higher priority than other POI's. 
	if extreme POI failed to cause strong BOS or CHOCH its still reliable but has lower priority than optional POI's which cause strong BOS or CHOCH, even if extreme POI have better conditions chances for market rejection from these optional levels are high and can be reliable



POI To Enter The Trade
choose a fixed entry type for each trade from these options:
	1. fvg/imbalance
	2. liquidity grab
	3. extreme poi
	4. fib based OTE
	5. poi's led to BOS or CHOCH , base of the structure break

** don't get into the trade on each optional/extreme poi levels and only enter one poi level type which should be the same as your other trades**
** this can be tweaked later for improving the system **


Drawing Based Analysis
Draw Basic Shematic Of Market Structure (Swing Points)
Use Labels And Tags For Different Price Actions (LQ,IMB,BOS,CHOCH,OB,POI,LQ GRAB/SWEEP)


Attentions:
1. every BOS or CHOCH is not valid it may be sl hunt or liquidity grab. pay attention to smart money traps in these cases 
2. you should always know current trading range in HTF and trading range box must be updated every time
3. look at extreme POI's carefully to have valid imbalances and shouldn't already be mitigated otherwise it's better to rely on optional POI's than extreme ones
4. treat extreme POI's as last defence level but market can also get rejected from optional ones 

