


smart money sources
	youtube
	Cryptobo1,Mad Cryptoboi,SMC,Ardalan Safaie trader,trade_ams,فارکس منتورینگ,college spark,Lewis Kelly,NOT JUST A TRADE,Photon Trading,ETM FX,SMC Gelo
	mentors
	1. Photon Trading			* Main *
	2. Lewis Kelly
	3. Mad Cryptoboi
	4. Cryptobo1


learning topics
1. market structures
	learn about valid CHOCH,BOS,MSB,MSS,FLIP,IDM
	internal vs swing (external) market structure
2. SMC concepts
	learn about order block,Supply & Demand,imbalances or fvg,liquidity ...
	order block refining
	internal vs external liquidity
	extreme vs decisional (optional) POI
3. setups and market maker patterns
	personal RIMC method	->	NOT JUST A TRADE

Lewis Kelly
1. box model for trading range
2. swing structure is HTF market structure and internal structure is LTF market structure
---------------------------------------------
Ardalan Safaie trader
1. swing structure (main structure),sub structures (swing structure internal structures in opposite direction of the trend or in corrective wave of the trend ),minor structure (swing structure internal structures in direction of the trend or in impulsive wave of the trend)
2. always trade in minor structures and also in same direction of the trend
3. we wait for sub structure CHOCH and enter in the trade in minor structure in same direction of the trend
---------------------------------------------
Cryptoboi
1 - supply & demand
2 - avoid stoploss & stophunt
		1. larget stoploss
		2. enter after liquidity grab candle
		3. enter again after hitting stoploss just because of liquidity grab candle
		4. in range market only enter at top or bottom of the range and not in middle zone of the ranging pattern
3 - supply & demand - market structure CHOCH
4 - order block
		types of order blocks
			1. long shadow of candles as order block
			2. one weak candle or candle with opposite color before a engulfing or big body candle
			
		use multi timeframe analysis
			1. use 4hr for major trend market structure
			2. use 1hr for minor trend market structure
			3. use 15min for finding order blocks or S&D , ...
			4. use 5min for entry point and entry confirmation and also refining order block in pullback
			
			or
			
			1. use 4hr for trend market structure
			2. use 1hr for finding order blocks or S&D , ...
			3. use 15min for entry point and entry confirmation
5 - market structure CHOCH + FLIP
		setting targets based on most recent and nearest created swing highs and lows 
		we can also hold the position until targets based on higher timeframes structures swing points
		also liquidity pools in the way of market bias can safe targets
		method 1 : book 50% of the position at first BOS or swing points and hold the position risk-free until higher timeframe swing points as next targets
		method 2 : close the position at first BOS or swing points
6 - fib levels as order blocks (OTE)
	use 0.78 , 0.88 fib levels as inducements points order blocks in trend continuation retracements
	or using fib levels to confirm base of the movement which can be order block,S&D, ...
7 - liquidity pools, smart money sl hunt and liquidity grab/sweep
	smart money uses retailers liquidity by hunting their stop loss as fuel for moving the market , usually market movement after liquidity grab is significant because market made its fuel to move the market in its favour direction
	


------------------------------------------------------------

High Probability CHOCH
1. CHOCH created in LTF structure near HTF POI indicates potential trend reversal
2. CHOCH created after liquidity grab,order block,fvg with strong momentum and sequence of rejection candles with proper bodies indicates high probability of trend reversal and real CHOCH




HTF POI
HTF is timeframe higher than entry timeframe
example: using 15min timeframe for finding POI then using 1min timeframe to analyze the structure for potential shifts
using 4hr with 15min,1hr with 5min,15min with 1min
we use HTF POI to find potential trend reversal level and using LTF to observe market structure in case of any shifts for entering into new trade
	

ETF POI
we use ETF POI for possible HTF trend reversal so we assume HTF trend will be shifted when getting close to ETF POI

	
Factors For Reliable & High Probability POI
1. There is Imbalance/fvg created by the POI
2. There is liquidity created before/after your POI (TLL, EQH, EQL,Asia Session HL)
3. The POI is in premium or discount zone
4. POI shouldn't be mitigated in the past even with simple pullback
5. Extreme POI is more reliable than optional POI's because they are usually unmitigated and caused imbalances and liquidity so market can mitigate it and rebalance imbalances and grabbing their liquidity while doing same things on optional POI's in its way to extreme POI 
6. in general, POI's which leads to successful and strong BOS or CHOCH have higher priority than other POI's. 
	if extreme POI failed to cause strong BOS or CHOCH its still reliable but has lower priority than optional POI's which cause strong BOS or CHOCH, even if extreme POI have better conditions chances for market rejection from these optional levels are high and can be reliable
7. poi's create a base or range
8. flip zone


POI To Enter The Trade
choose a fixed entry type for each trade from these options:
	1. fvg/imbalance
	2. liquidity grab
	3. extreme poi
	4. fib based OTE
	5. poi's led to BOS or CHOCH , base of the structure break movement
	6. optional POI's with specific attributes

** don't get into the trade on each optional/extreme poi levels and only enter one poi level type which should be the same as your other trades**
** this can be tweaked later for improving the system **


Drawing Based Analysis
Draw Basic Shematic Of Market Structure (Swing Points)
Use Labels And Tags For Different Price Actions (LQ,IMB,BOS,CHOCH,OB,POI,LQ GRAB/SWEEP)


Weak/Strong High & Low
High/Low Which Caused To Break  Previous High/Low Treated As Strong High/Low
High/Low Which Failed To Break Previous High/Low Treated As Weak High/Low


Attentions:
1. every BOS or CHOCH is not valid it may be sl hunt or liquidity grab. pay attention to smart money traps in these cases 
2. you should always know current trading range in HTF and trading range box must be updated every time
3. look at extreme POI's carefully to have valid imbalances and shouldn't already be mitigated otherwise it's better to rely on optional POI's than extreme ones
4. treat extreme POI's as last defence level but market can also get rejected from optional ones 








نکات CHOCH و BOS
برای ایجاد CHOCH در روند صعودی باید کف قبل از بالاترین سقفی که BOS ایجاد کرده باشد شکسته شود و در روند نزولی باید سقف قبل از پایین ترین کفی که BOS ایجاد کرده باشد.
همچنین در روند صعوی کفی معتبر و اصلی در نظر گرفته میشود که سقفی که آن را ایجاد کرده است یک BOS یا CHOCH ایجاد کرده باشد و در روند نزولی سقفی معتبر و اصلی در نظر گرفته میشود که کفی که آن را ایجاد کرده است یک BOS یا CHOCH ایجاد کرده باشد.
سایه ها به عنوان سقف و کف جدید در نظر گرفته میشوند ولی برای ایجاد BOS و CHOCH باید کلوز کندل مدنظر قرار گرفته شوند. اگر فقط سایه ایجاد شود با اینکه سقف و کف جدید ایجاد شده برای CHOCH و BOS باید کلوز کندل بالا یا زیر این سقف و کف های جدید ایجاد شده انجام شود تا شاهد BOS و CHOCH معتبر باشیم


سوالات CHOCH و BOS
1. آیا سایه ها باعث ایجاد CHOCH و BOS میشوند یا حتما کلوز کندل باید انجام شود؟ یا آیا این تغییرات ساختار به عنوان فیک در نظر گرفته می شوند؟
2. سقف و کف های اصلی که در صورت شکسته شدن منجر به ایجاد CHOCH و BOS میشوند کدامند؟

سوالات مهم ساختار شناسی
1. کدام سقف و کف ها اصلی و کدامیک صرفا پاکسازی نقدینگی توسط اسمارت مانی است؟ چطور سقف و کف ها اصلی را شناسایی کنیم؟